hi guys back to the video and welcome to
rush hour
okay so originally guys I was going to
do a Q&A today however each I might
always ask for questions I always get a
shit ton of questions of just like
piercing related things I know this
video isn't going to relate to all of my
audience so why want you guys to do
who's not really into piercings is leave
a comment down below ask me a question
and I'm going to do a proper Q&A on
Thursday okay guys the first of all I'm
going to give you like a rundown of what
I actually have myself know I have 17
piercings at the moment sit in my left
ear I have six helix piercings I've got
my conch which the inside bit with a
rainbow I've got my tragus and I've got
my earlobe stretch to five millimeters
in my right ear I have a helix piercing
at the top I've got another conch in
here I have my root Pierce which is just
a little bit here I've got my ear lobe
done and an anti tragus piercing I also
got obviously half of my lip done on the
side and I do have my labret done as
well I do also have my belly button
pierced I used had the back of my neck
down my Nate I mean I've had my wrist
both of my wrists Pierce so the first
question I always get how much does it
hurt pain is all your own if I was to
say something hurt for me that does not
mean it's gonna necessarily hurt for you
everyone feels pain differently
what's the pros and cons of having lots
of piercings no I get asked this quite a
lot people always ask me can I do
certain things does it hurt why sleep
when I'm asleep I Germany's gonna rust
my head unlike the top of my head anyway
so my ear never touches the pillow so
for me I've never had problems of
sleeping one thing I can't actually do
anymore
a useful to do is wear headphones I
can't wear those ones that go into your
ear I only can wear like the big ones
that sit over
I've got like B's headphones I just sort
of just sit over your ears at that
what's a good starting piercing my very
first person I got was an industrial
which was obviously those two and I
didn't really know how to look after it
it's probably best just to get one and
not get like a double piercing it's all
up to you really I can tell you what's a
good one to get to start with what's the
quickest way to help your piercings heal
once they've healed you just have to
sort of like clean them when you have
like a shower or something cuz you still
want to make sure they're nice you know
I just get the showerhead and just go
just go round my ears and get some soap
and just wash it when I'm washing like
my head and stuff but when they're
healing um try and get some tea tree oil
and try and get like your new salt water
get there like a cotton bud or a q-tip I
think you call them and just sort of
like white round
inside outside make sure they're nice
and clean wash your hands whenever you
go to clean it because your hands are so
dirty I just don't touch them in between
it
how long does surface piercings last I
was lucky really with my name because
that lasted like a year and a half and
they normally only lasts like maybe six
months it's not like a piercing we're
just in and out and doesn't grow out
because obviously it's a flat surface no
lift the skin up hits it and then they
let this kid down again so it sort of
sits under the skin try not to get ones
that are gonna be hazardous to you
because I know when I first got my neck
done I knocked it so many times on my
clothes and it pissed me off what
piercings do you like and what piercings
do not like I don't think I dislike any
piercings like you have to get the right
piercings for you like if I was to go
and get a monroe piercing I would look
like a twat like I would with the thing
here I would look like a twat like some
people can pull certain piercings off
and some people call and it's just the
thing you got a deal with what do I
think about home here sing um now I'm
very hypocritical of houses they don't
do it because I pit like some of my
piercings I've done myself I know what
I'm doing don't be like oh your wife I
just uses no use gloves you know you're
gonna use sterilized needles sterilized
bath if you're unsure going in a done by
professional so nothing a quick-fire
dues clean them that's all I clean there
is nothing worse than someone who's got
lots of piercings and they're all like
scabby and disgusting and like hot
crusty shit all over them like no take
them off no going to look after they
look disgusting if you're a guy and you
have your belly bump ears like I do
shave your fucking stomach
another thing that sort of goes from
like here downwards I shave that stuff
like it doesn't look good with a hat
with a piercing on your belly bun
lip piercings you do have to be careful
because they can rub against your gums
and your teeth and they can't damage
them same as tongue piercings when
you've got tongue piercing do not play
with their like don't just leave in your
mouth don't be like that I'm gonna rub
through my teeth because they will fuck
up with T no piercing is worth fuckin a
routine okay guys think I've covered
everything I'd normally get R so leave
some comments down below if you want to
know anything else let me know I'm at
least some questions for my Q&A I'm
gonna do on Thursday cuz I said let's do
that I'm measuring in a like button and
maybe share this video to anyone who
needs sort of information about
piercings and stuff yeah I'm gonna go
like I'm scrapbook which type of resumes
and gave me up
I'm gonna think fuzzy once again for the
white looking fuzzy I'm scared I'm ready
guys